Reviewer 4 of CASE, ISAM 2016 submission 10

Comments to the author
======================

This paper proposes a flying bug zapper for seeking and
eliminating mosquitos. The design of the system is
discussed and simulations for testing the effectiveness of
the proposed solution are provided. 

The idea of the flying bug zapper is intriguing but the
results of the paper too preliminary. The electronics is
rather standard and  the considerations about the energy
budget and about the location of the screen are trivial.
More important issues related to the considered problem are
not discussed. For example, I expect that the air flow
generated by the propellers will act as a disturbance on
the system and that it will make mosquitos to fly away
before being catched. Simulations are very simple and,
given the mosquitos density, the results are obvious. 

The proposed idea is the strength of this paper. If an
experimental evaluation had been provided, it would have
been possible to test the idea in real conditions and to
compare the achieved results against the performance of
that can be achieved using fixed bug zappers.
Unfortunately, without any experiments, the paper is rather
poor. 

Comments on the Video
=====================

The video does not provide further insights to the paper. 