Reviewer 1 of CASE, ISAM 2016 submission 10

Comments to the author
======================

This paper proposes a system that, based on a UAV, should
"detect and eliminate" mosquitoes.

This looks as a very preliminary work: authors made just
very simplified simulations, and a very preliminary mock-up
that does not include the main part of the system, i.e. the
UAV.

The review of the related work is not very strong: Authors
are encouraged to have a look at recent works, in the
robotics community, related to the flight control of UAVs.

Regarding the contribution of the paper: Authors only
describe the electric circuit to control the zapper.
However, the control of the motion of the UAV is totally
neglected. Just a few things are mentioned in the
Simulations section, where naive coverage algorithms are
utilized: why not utilizing state-of-the-art coverage
methodologies, as the one mentioned in the state of the art
section?

Moreover, the title claims that the system will "detect and
eliminate". However, it seems to me that there is no
detection. The system should be controlled to randomly
moving in the environment, and eventually hitting the
mosquitoes...
I sincerely doubt that this approach can work: a UAV
randomly moving in the environment, making a lot of noise
and moving a lot of air... will it ever hit any single
mosquito?

Finally, as a side note: one of the main issues with UAVs
is battery duration. Commercially available platforms
typically guarantee ~15minutes of flight. How many
mosquitoes can we hit, in this limited amount of time? I
think these considerations severely limit the practical
applicability of this system.

Comments on the Video
=====================

The video itself looks quite nice. However, is it related
to the paper? In the paper, Authors mention only
simulations, and the preliminary integration in Fig.11,
while in the video we see an exacopter equipped with the
zapper... this sounds quite strange