Reviewer 1 of ICRA 2017 submission 2026

Comments to the author
======================

This paper describes a novel system for surveying mosquito
populations using a UAV equipped with an electric bug
zapper.  There is an interesting collection of simulation
results along with description of the hardware
implementation and a small number of hardware results.

The theoretical contribution is a comparison of techniques
for coverage in which the goal is to optimally cover an
unknown and non-uniform distribution over the workspace. 
Coverage algorithms generally attempt to cover the entire
workspace as efficiently as possible, but since the UAV may
not have sufficient power to do this, the authors suggest
ways to cover a portion of the environment in such a way
that it covers the most useful portion (here, with the most
mosquitos).  Unfortunately, the authors tested only one
data set, and even here, the uncertainty across the
different techniques was quite large.	  As such, it is
not clear if there is really not
much practical difference among them or if the choice of
path is dependent
on the environment.  Also, it would appear that the robot
covers a 1 meter
wide swath (based on 12 m/s * 15 min / 100 m square) but
this is not explicit - and in fact the robot will have to
turn instantaneously for this to be sufficient for complete
coverage.

Since the hardware testing used only the boustrophedon, it
cannot offer additional insight into the different path
options. In fact, I was hoping for a bit more in the way of
analysis - what should we have expected from these
experiments, and what do the results tell us?

In general, I felt that the different parts of the paper
did not hang together particularly well.  That is, the
hardware experiments did not discuss why the plain
boustrophedon path was chosen, after all the simulation
data previously presented.  The electronics section IV-D
also did not seem to add much to the paper - what are we
intended to learn from this circuit diagram?  How critical
is this design to the overall success of the project? 
Also,
when deriving the optimal angle for the screen, it seems
that you should
take into account the movement of the UAV which would cause
a screen to trail behind and presumably at a greater angle
than it would have at rest.

Overall, this is definitely interesting research, but could
perhaps be a bit more mature before publication.


Comments on the Video Attachment
================================

Much of the video showed images from the figures, or a path
of the UAV using GPS (which is not really part of this
research). Showing the UAV with screen flying around was
useful to get an idea of the speed and scale of the system.