Reviewer 3 of ICRA 2017 submission 2026

Comments to the author
======================

This paper presents an unmanned aerial system for the
destructive survey of mosquitos in the wild. The main
contribution of the paper is the presented hardware system,
which consists of a custom UAV with a custom electrified
screen. The results of two flight trials at different
altitudes are presented. The authors also present a
software simulation including a heuristic mosquito model
and compare the efficacy of four basic coverage planners.

I feel that the presented software simulation and the
associated results lack sufficient novelty and significance
to be considered a contribution to the field. The
simulation appears to be quite basic, as are the four
tested coverage planners (boustrophedon, random bounce,
boustrophedon with spiral, random bounce with spiral). The
performance changes between the spiral and non-spiral paths
when the available flight time restricted coverage
completion warrants further discussion and can potentially
lead to more compelling adaptive planning algorithms. I am
also curious to know why the swath width changes between
the two boustrophedon paths (right column Fig. 5). This
does not seem to provide a fair comparison, nor is the
calculation of the new width ever described.

As the main contribution of the paper, the hardware design
section is quite light on the UAV and electric screen build
details, with readers referred to an external website for a
description of the latter. The analysis of the screen
location seems sound; however a more thorough analysis of
the system in a wider variety of realistic scenarios would
have been beneficial in understanding the limitations of a
fixed screen position. For example, using a higher fidelity
attraction/repulsion model to estimate mosquito motion, and
varying the level of stochasticity in the mosquito swarm
motion. Since the UAV can travel an order of magnitude
faster than the mosquitoes, is capture inevitable for
mosquitoes in some volume of space ahead of the screen?

The presented results of the hardware flight trials do not
provide substantial insight into the efficacy of the
system. Firstly the overall goal of the experiment is
unclear: is it to survey the region for mosquitoes in order
to build a heat map of mosquito locations, or is it to
intercept as many mosquitoes as possible, or something else
entirely? If it was the first, then no effort was made to
compare against existing methods for modelling
environmental phenomena from point observations. If the
goal was the second, the authors do not provide any scale
to the results and do not compare against any conventional
techniques (static traps, etc.) The results provided: 5
kills in 11 minutes in flight 1 and 51 kills in 4 minutes
in flight 2, are isolated data points without context.

Although the overall application of surveying mosquito
populations is compelling, I believe that the work
presented in this paper is too preliminary in its technical
and theoretical contributions to warrant publication.

Minor comments:
- Section II.B mentions that traditional electrified
screens have a large bycatch of no-pest insects, however
the authors do not show in their results that their
proposed system does not suffer from the same problem.
- In Section III, please provide a citation for your claim
that mosquitoes prefer vegetative areas.
- In Section IV.A the UAV is stated to have a span of
177cm, however this does not support the scale shown in
Fig. 1, which suggests that the UAV is much smaller.
- Fig. 11 is not that useful.
- Figs 2, 12 do not stand up to B&W printing (the red
flight path is washed out)
- Fig. 13 does not show the system operating during either
of the presented fight trials and also does not add
anything to the paper.

Comments on the Video Attachment
================================

The video is poorly edited and does not help to explain the
work that was conducted. Include captions or a voice over
to explain what is happening and restructure the whole
thing such that it is not simply a collage of your
available videos and figures.