Reviewer 4 of ICRA 2017 submission 2026

Comments to the author
======================

This paper presents an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-based
system for conducting mosquito surveys. The paper evaluates
a number of motion-planning solutions for such a system.
Further, the paper describes the design of the mosquito
capturing system that is mounted on the UAV. Finally, the
paper presents results from a series of flight trials.
The contributions of this paper are not clear to this
reviewer. The reviewer sees two potential areas of
contributions based on the nature of the work presented.
First, there is the algorithmic contribution of planning
the route of the UAV to maximise accuracy in estimating the
size and distribution of the mosquito population. However,
the approaches evaluated in this paper are empirically
rather than theoretically motivated and there does not
appear to be any novelty in either the motion planning
approaches (random bounce, boustrophedon) or their analysis
for this application. While the simulation results are
interesting, it is not clear how the evaluation of motion
planning approaches relates to the motivating problem of
surveying mosquito populations – the metric evaluated in
this simulation was the number of mosquitoes killed rather
than an evaluation of how well the population distribution
or numbers were estimated. To this end, this reviewer
recommends the authors review the algorithmic approaches
used for informative path planning, in particular in the
Bayesian target search problem (where a robot searches for
a potentially unknown number of targets in the environment)
and the problem of monitoring a time-dependent geo-spatial
process (for example, salinity in the ocean, or a wind
field) with a robot.
The second potential area of contribution is in the
development of a system for performing mosquito surveys.
While the paper presents some design aspects such as the
mounting of the screen and detection of a mosquito “zap”,
the validation and evaluation of these hardware design
aspects were insufficiently rigorous to be considered a key
contribution of this paper. For example, while a parametric
study of the screen angle was considered, there was no
experimental assessment of the accuracy of the aerodynamic
models used to predict the volume that is “cleared” of
mosquitoes. Further, the paper does not suggest methods for
disambiguating a single mosquito strike from multiple
simultaneous strikes (which one would expect to be a
consideration if counting the number of mosquitoes was the
problem), nor how to disambiguate mosquitoes from other
insects. The review would consider addressing these aspects
to be important if the core contribution was the system
development of a UAV platform for mosquito surveys.


Comments on the Video Attachment
================================

The video was well constructed and communicated the essence
of the paper.